Fix concurrent push (#49)
dmnemec/copy_file_to_another_repo_action: README.md

* destination_branch_create: [optional] A branch to be created with this commit, defaults to commiting in `destination_branch`
* commit_message: [optional] A custom commit message for the commit. Defaults to `Update from https://github.com/${GITHUB_REPOSITORY}/commit/${GITHUB_SHA}`
* use_rsync: [optional] Uses `rsync -avh` instead of `cp -R` to perform the base operation. Currently works as an experimental feature (due to lack of testing) but can speed up updates to large collections of files with many small changes by only syncing the changes and not copying the entire contents again. Please understand your use case before using this, and provide feedback as issues if needed.

> * retry_attempts: [optional] The number of retries when pushing commit failed, defaults are 10 times.

Reviewer: Minor edit to trigger checks
```suggestion
* retry_attempts: [optional] The number of retries when pushing commit failed.  Default: 10
```
